# END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (EULA)

**THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO THE LICENSE TERMS SET FORTH BELOW. RIGHTS IN THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT ARE OFFERED ONLY ON THE CONDITION THAT YOU AGREE TO ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS EULA. BY INSTALLING, COPYING, DOWNLOADING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS EULA. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE LICENSE TERMS, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, OR OTHERWISE USE THIS SOFTWARE PRODUCT.**

### PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE: 
This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between (a) you (either an individual or a single entity, refered to as "the Customer") and (b) *ViDE-Software* Company, seated in Vienna, Austria (refered to as "*ViDE-Software*") that governs your use of the software offered by *ViDE-Software*. The term "Software Product" means computer software and includes associated media, and online or electronic documentation, as well as Software License Keys (where applicable) (refered to as "the Software Product").

### SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
The Software Product is an extension for Microsoft Visual Studio Code and cannot be executed as standalone application. The Customer needs a valid license of Microsoft Visual Studio Code (if applicable). The Software Product is intended to run on different platforms (Windows, Linux, MacOS), but *ViDE-Software* does not guarantee compatibility with different platforms. Also see chapter "COMPATIBILITY" for details.

### GRANT OF LICENSE
The Customer has not acquired, by virtue of this EULA, any right of ownership in or to the Software Product, its documentation or any related patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right. *ViDE-Software* retains all rights, titles and interest in and to the Software Product. The Software Product and all accompanying documentation are licensed to the Customer, under the terms and conditions set forth in this EULA. *ViDE-Software* grants to the Customer a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use the Software Product to the extent permitted by payment of applicable license fees, if any, under an approved licensing model. Unless otherwise noted in the respective license terms, Software Licenses are bound to a single person and one workstation (node-locked license). Special licenses may allow the use of the Software Product on more workstations.

### UPGRADES
Paid licenses grant the Customer unlimited access to all upgrades of the Software Product as long as the Customer's license has not expired. Free licenses usually also grant the Customer unlimited access to all upgrades of the Software Product, but *ViDE-Software* reserves the right to restrict access to upgrades for special license types.

### COMPATIBILITY
*ViDE-Software* does not guarantee that upgrades are backwards compatible, or that new versions will still work as expected on your workstation. *ViDE-Software* will keep a history of certain (but not necessarily all) software releases on its webpage such that you can downgrade if necessary. It is the Customer's responsibility to keep backups of the Software Product in case that different versions of the Software Product do not work as exptected in the Customer's environment.
*ViDE-Software* does not and cannot guarantee compatibility of the Software Product with all versions and upgrades of Microsoft Visual Studio Code and the underlying operating systems, may they already exist or be released in the future. During the free evaluation period, the Customer can check correct functionality of the Software Product towards the Customer's unique hardware and software configuration. *ViDE-Software* does not and cannot guarantee compatibility of the Software Product with other plug-ins or extensions for Microsoft Visual Studio Code.

### LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFER
The Customer will not sell, rent, lease or otherwise transfer any or all of the Software Product, the documentation or any copies thereof. The Customer will not sublicense, assign, delegate, rent, lease or otherwise transfer any or all of its rights under this EULA to any third party.

### LIMITATION ON REVERSE ENGINEERING
The Customer may not (and may not permit or encourage any third party to): (i) reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile the Software Product, or any part thereof, or otherwise attempt to derive source or modifiable code, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation; or (ii) create any alteration, adaptation, modification, translation, improvement or derivative work of the Software Product.

### TERMINATION
This EULA is effective unless terminated or rejected. In such event, the Customer must destroy all copies of the Software Product, all obtained licenses, and all of its component parts. If the Customer acquires a license (regardless the type of the license), the Customer explicitly agrees to this EULA. The EULA is terminated automatically once the Customer's current license expires (this applies to all license types). If the Customer owns more than one license, the EULA is terminated as soon as all licenses have expired. In case the Customer terminates this EULA, *ViDE-Software* shall not refund any license fees paid by the Customer partially or totally. 

### USE OF PERSONAL DATA
*ViDE-Software* has taken all reasonable steps to keep the Software Product free of viruses, spyware, "back door" entrances, or any other harmful code. *ViDE-Software* will not track or collect any information about the Customer, the Customer's data, or the Customer's use of the software, except as the Customer specifically and explicitly authorizes such action. *ViDE-Software* will not intentionally deprive the Customer of his ability to use any features of the software or access to the Customer's data.

### LIMITED WARRANTY
*ViDE-Software* expressly disclaims any warranty for the Software Product. The Software Product and any related documentation is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or noninfringement. The entire risk arising out of use or performance of the Software Product remains with the Customer.
Dependng on the Customer's local jurisdiction, the above exclusions may not apply to the Customer. If during the evaluation period the Software Product does not substantially conform to the description contained in the applicable end user documentation, the Customer's sole remedy will be that *ViDE-Software* shall refund the license fees paid, if any, related to the Software Product provided that (a) the Software Product has been properly installed and used at all times an in accordance with the instructions in the applicable end user documentation (b) no modification, alteration or addition has been made to the Software Product by persons other than *ViDE-Software* and (c) *ViDE-Software* receives written notice of the non-conformity within 30 days (following shipment of the first Software License Key). *ViDE-Software* may, in its sole discretion, make available to you, without charge, updates to the Software Product or the documentation. No such action will create any warranty obligation on the part of *ViDE-Software*.

### LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event shall *ViDE-Software* be liable for any special, consequential, incidental or indirect damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use this Software Product, even if *ViDE-Software* is aware of the possibility of such damages and known defects.
Dependng on the Customer's local jurisdiction, the above exclusions may not apply to the Customer. *ViDE-Software*'s liability will not, in any event, exceed the license fees, if any, paid by the Customer for the Software Product licensed under this EULA. In case a design implemented with the Software Product does not function properly, *ViDE-Software* will not be responsible thereof. The Customer must validate the code and the resulting circuit in accordance with the industrial standards. 

### COPYRIGHT
All title and copyrights in and to the Software Product (including but not limited to any images, photographs, clipart, libraries, and examples incorporated into the Software Product), the accompanying printed materials, and any copies of the Software Product are owned by *ViDE-Software*. The Software Product is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Therefore, the Customer must treat the Software Product like any other copyrighted material.

